Create GCP specific guide references for deploying a GKE cluster to host a worker (#10490)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/deployment/kubernetes.md

    ```bash
    # Replace the cluster name with your own value
    eksctl create cluster --fargate --name <CLUSTER-NAME>

>     # Authenticate to the cluster (unless eksctl does this for you automatically)

Author: @EmilRex - are there any additional details we should add here to guide the user to authenticate with their nely created EKS cluster?

Reviewer: Ah, yep actually... realizing I didn't document that well. We should probably include the standard command:
```bash
aws eks update-kubeconfig --name <CLUSTER-NAME>
```

    ```bash
    # Replace the cluster name with your own value
    eksctl create cluster --fargate --name <CLUSTER-NAME>
    # Authenticate to the cluster (unless eksctl does this for you automatically)
    ```

=== "GCP"
    
    You can easily get a GKE cluster up and running with a few short commands using the [`gcloud` CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install). This will build a barebones cluster that is accessible over the open internet - this should **not** be used in a production environment. In order to deploy the cluster, your project must have a VPC network configured.

    First, authenticate to GCP by setting the following configuration options.

    ```bash
    # Authenticate to gcloud
    gcloud auth login

>     # Specify the project & zone to deploy the cluster to. 

Author: please, be nit picky!

>     # Replace the project name with your GCP project name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Replace the project name with your GCP project name
```

    gcloud config set project <GCP-PROJECT-NAME>

>     gcloud config set compute/zone us-east1-b

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    gcloud config set compute/zone <availability zone>
```

    ```

    Next, deploy the cluster - this command will take ~15 minutes to complete. Once the cluster has been created, authenticate to the cluster.

    ```bash

>     # Create cluster. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Create cluster
```

>     # Replace the cluster name with your own value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Replace the cluster name with your own value
```

    gcloud container clusters create <CLUSTER-NAME> --num-nodes=1 \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-2

>     # Authenticate to the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Authenticate to the cluster
```

>     gcloud container clusters <CLUSTER-NAME> --region us-east1-b

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    gcloud container clusters <CLUSTER-NAME> --region <AVAILABILITY-ZONE>
```

    ```

    <details>
      <summary>GCP Gotchas</summary>
      

>       - Disabled default compute service account. You'll need to enable the default service account in the IAM console, or specifiy a different service account with the appropriate permissions to be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - Disabled default compute service account. You'll need to enable the default service account in the IAM console, or specify a different service account with the appropriate permissions to be used.
```

      --username AWS --password-stdin <AWS_ACCOUNT_ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com
    ```

=== "GCP"
    Let's create a registry using the gcloud CLI and authenticate the docker daemon to said registry:

    ```bash
    # Create artifact registry repository to host your custom image. 
    # Replace the repository name with your own value; it can be the 

>     # same name as your image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # same name as your image
```

      image: "{{ build-image.image }}"
```

## Authenticate to Prefect

> Before we deploy the flows to Prefect, we will need to authenticate via the Prefect CLI. We will also need to ensure that all of our flow's dependencies are present at `deploy` time. Note: using a virtual environment is optional, but provided here for best practice and to ensure consistency across environments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before we deploy the flows to Prefect, we will need to authenticate via the Prefect CLI. We will also need to ensure that all of our flow's dependencies are present at `deploy` time. 

This example uses a virtual environment to ensure consistency across environments.
```

      image: "{{ build-image.image }}"
```

## Authenticate to Prefect

Before we deploy the flows to Prefect, we will need to authenticate via the Prefect CLI. We will also need to ensure that all of our flow's dependencies are present at `deploy` time. 

This example uses a virtual environment to ensure consistency across environments.

```bash

> # Create a virtualenv & activate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Create a virtualenv & activate it
```

virtualenv prefect-demo
source prefect-demo/bin/activate

> # Install your flow's dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Install your flow's dependencies
```

prefect-demo/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt

# Authenticate to Prefect & select the appropriate 

> # workspace to deploy your flows to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# workspace to deploy your flows to
```
